README.md, before:

# <img src='https://raw.githack.com/FortAwesome/Font-Awesome/master/svgs/solid/graduation-cap.svg' card_color='#000000' width='50' height='50' style='vertical-align:bottom'/> Learning
Teach Mycroft knowledge and humor.

## About
This Skill helps to give Mycroft a personality by learning any new information that you provide.
if mycroft not understood mycroft you. you can immediately train the previous request by saying "I want to explain it" or "houmor is probably not your strength".
then you do not have to do everything from the beginning.

## Examples
* "Do you want to learn something"
* "Do you already know this"
* "There you can learn something"
* "I show you something"
* "can you keep a secret"
* "I tell you something private"
* "Please do not say what I'm talking about"

* "I want to explain it"
* "houmor is probably not your strength"

## Credits
Andreas Reinle(@gras64)

    you "Do you want to learn something"
    mycroft "I like to learn. Which category is it?"
    you "humor"
    mycroft "what is your question"
    you "do you know siri"
    mycroft "give me keywords"
    you "know siri"
    mycroft "what should I know about it"
    you "I have never seen her"
    mycroft "So I'm supposed to answer the question "do you know siri" with "I have never seen her"?


    Save Data To ~/.mycroft/skills/LearningSkill/public/humor/en-us/dialog/know.siri.dialog
    Save Data To ~/.mycroft/skills/LearningSkill/public/humor/en-us/vocab/know.siri.intent
    You can edit the path at home.mycroft.ai.

## Add a new category
if you want to add a new category. you just have to add a category under mycroft ai. Mycroft will then ask you for the name in your language.




## Category
**Entertainment**
Information
Productivity

## Tags
#learning
#science

Commit message:

add funktion use {skillname} skill

README.md, after:

# <img src='https://raw.githack.com/FortAwesome/Font-Awesome/master/svgs/solid/graduation-cap.svg' card_color='#000000' width='50' height='50' style='vertical-align:bottom'/> Learning
Teach Mycroft knowledge and humor.

## About
This Skill helps to give Mycroft a personality by learning any new information that you provide.
if mycroft not understood mycroft you. you can immediately train the previous request by saying "I want to explain it" or "houmor is probably not your strength".
then you do not have to do everything from the beginning.
if you say "use the alarm skill" you have the possibility to extend existing intents and save them to /.mycroft/skills/learning/skills.
I would like to set up an integration of intents into existing skills. currently only intents are processed and no voc

## Examples
* "Do you want to learn something"
* "Do you already know this"
* "There you can learn something"
* "I show you something"
* "can you keep a secret"
* "I tell you something private"
* "Please do not say what I'm talking about"

* "I want to explain it"
* "houmor is probably not your strength"

* "use the alarm skill


## Credits
Andreas Reinle(@gras64)

    you "Do you want to learn something"
    mycroft "I like to learn. Which category is it?"
    you "humor"
    mycroft "what is your question"
    you "do you know siri"
    mycroft "give me keywords"
    you "know siri"
    mycroft "what should I know about it"
    you "I have never seen her"
    mycroft "So I'm supposed to answer the question "do you know siri" with "I have never seen her"?


    Save Data To ~/.mycroft/skills/LearningSkill/public/humor/en-us/dialog/know.siri.dialog
    Save Data To ~/.mycroft/skills/LearningSkill/public/humor/en-us/vocab/know.siri.intent
    Save Data To ~/.mycroft/skills/LearningSkill/skills/{skillname}/en-us/vocab/{filename}.intent
    You can edit the path at home.mycroft.ai.

## Add a new category
if you want to add a new category. you just have to add a category under mycroft ai. Mycroft will then ask you for the name in your language.




## Category
**Entertainment**
Information
Productivity

## Tags
#learning
#science
